If I win, our dream's over.
I don't want to.
I...
I don't want to play a game like this—
You ready, Rin?
This is a one-shot match.
Why?
Big bro!
Rin, in the four years I've been away...
...what have you been doing here?
Age: 16 (High School First-Year)
Height: 186 cm
Dominant Foot: Right
Blue Lock Ranking
Buratsuta
Japan Football Union
Call time
Mute Speaker
Number Pad
Loudspeaker
Group Call
Video Call
Everything going well, Ego-kun?
I'm grateful to you, you know.
Thanks to Itoshi Sae
taking an interest in Blue Lock,
the media's going bananas,
and tickets sold out instantly.
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
CONFIDENTIAL
Ever since Itoshi Rin started playing soccer, he's held a special admiration
for his big brother, Itoshi Sae. Sae's presence has played a big role in Rin's
motivation for the sport. However, in the winter of Rin's third year of
junior high school, he started becoming stricter with himself and ended
up alienating others as a result.
Rin shows clear hostility toward Itoshi Sae, and it can be surmised that his
current motivation stems from a desire to surpass his brother. Further
investigation is planned on the matter.
Buratsuta
A big match equals big money.
It should help pay off your deficit.
You done rambling?
Buratsuta
Are you serious about this?
Do you really think a mishmash of strikers
can beat Japan's U-20s, the cream of the crop?
Japan Football Union
Buratsuta
I told you before.
Blue Lock is here to
transform Japanese soccer.
Episode
Tryouts
Diamonds in the rough.
Blue Lock
Executive Director
Out of 300 high school strikers, you have
survived the grueling selection process.
Now the 35 of you that remain will compete
to become the world's number one egoist.
The match is in three weeks.
Date of Match
Three Weeks
You'll be taking on Japan's U-20s,
captained by Itoshi Sae.
Win, and the right to represent Japan...
is all yours.
But if you lose...
it's the end of Blue Lock.
I was a complete unknown,
a total nobody until a few months ago.
Isagi Yoichi-sama
You have been selected
to become a certified athlete
Then I was chosen to come
to Blue Lock, learned about ego,
and went through hell to get here.
If we win this, I might represent Japan.
But if we lose, my soccer career
will go up in smoke with Blue Lock.
This match...
This is where I get to completely change
my life with the qualities I possess.
Hey, hold up a sec.
I get that this is our chance and all,
but how are we gonna make up a team?
We're all forwards!
Are you thinking of putting
some of us in midfield and defense?
Yes, naturally.
We have no choice but to play
a makeshift team of forwards.
No way! We'd have no chance!
We're up against actual defenders!
To be honest, I don't mind this predicament.
Hey! This isn't about
whether you like it or not—
Shut your pieholes.
I will call out six names who will
make up the core of the team.
These six are...
...Blue Lock's current top six,
based on comprehensive evaluation.
If your name is called, step forward.
First...
Itoshi Rin.
Rin.
I knew he'd be number one.
Next up, No.2:
Shidou Ryusei.
There it is.
Kapow.
Huh? I didn't know you were that good.
Huh.
So you're No.1 and I'm No.2. How thrilling.
Four left.
No.3: Karasu Tabito.
You know what's up, dork.
No.4: Otoya Eita.
'Sup?
No.5: Yukimiya Kenyu.
Yes. I'm honored.
One more.
I want to be it.
I want to be at the core of this
Blue Lock XI Ego's putting together.
Lastly, No.6:
Nagi Seishiro.
That is all.
Excuse me.
Ego-san, why am I fifth?
What's the difference between me and first?
That's simple.
Out of the 35 of you, the only ones
who managed to score against the World Five...
were Itoshi Rin and Shidou Ryusei.
Goals Scored in the
1st Selection
Evaluation by the
World Five
The rest is based on total goals in the first
selection and evaluations by the World Five.
And lastly...
my arbitrary decision-making.
Satisfied, Mr. Mild-Mannered
Glasses-Wearing Model?
Yes.
Thank you very much.
Wow, that guy models?
Kinda annoying.
And so, the next selection begins now.
First, these six will be divided into
three teams, grouped by ranking.
The remaining 29 players must decide
which pair they wish to team up with.
You will make teams of five by
adding three players to the Top 6 duos.
Each team will play one five-a-side match.
I see.
He's looking for players who mesh
with the attacking styles of the Top 6.
Apart from the Top 6, the 29 of you
will only get one chance to play.
These tryouts will determine who makes
the team for the match against Japan's U-20s.
You want us to show
our presence in one match?
That feels pro-level.
Hah! Bring it on!
And because of the headcount,
one of you will play two games.
That'll be No.7, the runner-up.
Bachira Meguru. You will play that role.
Aye-aye, sir.
Damn. We've been playing
together up to now,
yet they're all better than me?
The Top 6 will proceed to another room.
These rankings only reflect
where everyone stands at present.
Even the Top 6 can fall off their perch,
if they flunk the tryouts. Don't forget that.
Now, here's a message for the remaining 29.
The key to acing the tryouts is:
"assertion and coexistence."
Assertion and Coexistence
Against the Top 6 with their masterful
individual skills and scoring prowess,
assert your worth and coexist with them
as someone who's irreplaceable.
Coexist
ence
And lastly...
Subjugate
Subjugate them!
For you, the Top 6 aren't
friends to play alongside.
They're your stepping stones.
So outflank them.
To play in the match that will lead to
the future I want, I have to make the team.
Now, choose.
Choose your optimal teammates
who can determine your future and fate.
3rd Selection
Large Dining Hall
Hey.
Igaguri.
You took every dish?
It's all-you-can-eat just for tonight,
so I gotta take advantage of it!
Don't underestimate my earthly desires!
Lemme have one of your earthly desires.
Get your own!
Earthly desire tastes so good
with tartar sauce.
Earthly desire combo meal!
Gagamaru, use chopsticks.
Here, take these.
Just shut up and eat, you jerks!
Anyway...
Guess the old Team Z didn't get a reunion.
Right. I'm sad Naruhaya ain't here.
Plus, Kuon the traitor,
Imamura the womanizer, Iemon the goalie...
And...
Kunigami.
To be honest, I never expected
Kunigami to be eliminated.
I mean, he's really good.
Shidou kicked him out.
But that's Blue Lock.
Chigiri?
After all, if we lose to the U-20s,
this will all disappear.
We've got no time to worry about others.
True.
Have you guys decided
which pair you're teaming up with?
Raichi
Jingo\h
Circle your
preferred\h
team\h\h\h
First Choice
Second Choice
I'm going with Team A.
I teamed up with Shidou before.
For me, it's Team B or C.
Just on a hunch.
I'll decide by ladder lottery.
Plus, I have to play two matches anyway.
Oh, yeah.
So you're the most successful guy
from the former Team Z?
That kinda bugs me.
I am an egoist!
What about you, Chigirin?
I haven't decided yet.
You, Isagi?
Well, I...
A or C, right?
Either Rin-chan or Nagi.
Well, yeah.
How'd you know?
If you want a chemical
reaction with your weapon,
Team C will let you do
combination plays with Nagi.
But if you want to gamble on unknown
potential you haven't unlocked yet,
it's Team A with Rin-chan.
Am I right?
Yeah.
"Assertion and coexistence," huh?
Who's my best choice to team up with?
Top 6
VIP Room
I'm Yukimiya Kenyu. Nice to meet you.
Nagi Seishiro.
Likewise, Mr. Four-Eyes.
I'm excited to find out
who will choose to team up with us.
Yo.
Let's get along well, "No.1."
Don't ignore me.
We're teammates, you know.
Do you like explosions?
Not interested.
Get lost, antenna-head.
Nice. Go for it.
Bwah, bwah, bwaaah.
Should we stop them?
Leave 'em be.
If they take each other out,
it's a lucky break for us.
Whoa. Headshot.
Bastard.
Don't interfere with my game or I'll kill you.
What I'm doin' here ain't just playing soccer.
It's a biological need!
Okay, stop fooling around.
Have some self-awareness.
You're the cream of Blue Lock, so to speak.
Each pairing represents the best
strike partnerships I can think of
to play in an experimental,
super-attacking style.
– Assignment –
Show me new attack patterns
you can't create on your own.
New Attack Patterns You Can't Create on Your Own
Think of the other player as a tool for you
to become the best in the world.
And under no circumstances should you let
anyone other than the Top 6 steal your spot.
All of you sit at the pinnacle of Blue Lock.
Never forget that the soccer you create will
be the sword that destroys Japanese soccer.
I want to see you challenge yourselves.
To start with, what are we even being tested on in these tryouts?
By "coexistence," does it mean
our chemical reactions with the Top 6?
And then, there's "assertion."
So don't get buried by them?
So I have to work out what they mean
and show results in just one game?
This selection is impossible.
Aw, man! I don't get it!
Cram it.
You doubting yourself? Lame.
Have you decided, Barou?
Anywhere but Team C with Mr. Hassle.
Playing alongside a familiar face
won't help me to grow,
and wherever I end up,
I'll be myself. I'll be the king.
That's all.
Well, damn. That's so like you.
Anyway, why aren't you
one of the Top 6, Isagi?
Huh?
It pisses me off.
You're the person I want to crush.
Don't get buried in
a place like this, donkey.
R-Right. Sorry.
Isagi-kun, I'm borrowing this acne face wash.
Huh? Oh, Niko.
Looks like you haven't picked a team yet.
Uh, right.
Ego-san's trying to stoke our competitive
spirit, but at the end of the day,
I think we're being tested on
whether we can gel with the Top 6.
Gel with them, huh?
Have you decided, Niko?
I'm choosing whoever lets me
stick to my own play style.
I'm fed up with being a foil.
You taught me the lead role
is something you steal.
Someone who lets you be in the lead role...
Anyway, Isagi-kun...
Huh?
Could you get out already?
I don't want anyone seeing me
when I'm washing my forehead.
Huh? Oh, sorry.
Why would that embarrass him?
I know it won't be easy
showing my worth on a team with Rin.
There's a possibility I get buried
without being able to do anything.
Which means the person
I should be teaming up with is...
It's not so easy to decide, is it?
Reo.
I'm the same.
Huh? I thought your only option
was Nagi's team.
That's rich coming from the guy
who drove Nagi and me apart.
Ah. My bad.
That was my plan, but now, I'm not so sure.
How come?
Well, he chose you over me
in the second selection,
and my desire to get back at him
has brought me this far.
But watching him making
his way into the Top 6,
and objectively comparing
myself to his current level,
it feels like he's going to a place
where I can't reach him,
and I don't have the confidence
to play alongside him.
But if I pass up this opportunity,
I might not get a second chance.
But if I show him how weak I am,
he may go even further away.
I just don't know what to do right now.
I'm the same, Reo.
You're right.
If we don't play together now, he might
become someone that's out of my reach.
That's a regret I don't want to have.
All right. Thanks, Reo.
Thanks to you, I've made up my mind.
I bet it's not actually about
what the right answer is.
What matters is your resolve to
turn your decision into the right answer.
I'm going to prove the path
I've chosen isn't a mistake.
Voting has closed.
We will begin the last assignment.
Tryouts Ballot Box
Put on your kits and
report to the hall immediately.
3rd Selection
Final Assessment
Tryouts
Final Assignment
Assembly Area
I will now announce the teams.
3rd Selection
Final Assessment
Tryouts
3rd Selection
Final Assessment
Tryouts
And so begins the last assignment
before the match against Japan's U-20s:
the tryouts to determine
who will be on the Blue Lock XI.
3rd Selection
Final Assignment
Tryouts
The team I chose was...
Kiyora
Nanase
Bachira
Ishikari
Aryu
Isagi
Igarashi
Kurona
The person I want to be standing alongside...
It's you, Rin.
Kiyora
Nanase
Bachira
Ishikari
Bachira also chose Team A.
3rd Selection
Final Assignment
Tryouts
9 Players
Barou
Yuzu
Saramadara
Raichi
Shiguma
Niko
Chigiri
Sokura
Hiiragi
Barou, Raichi, Niko, and Chigiri
are on the same team.
On Nagi's team,
I can see Zantetsu and Gagamaru.
Oh. Reo's in C, too.
Mikage
Himizu
Wanima
So you chose to go where Nagi is.
The key to acing the tryouts is
"assertion and coexistence" with the Top 6.
Assertion and Coexistence
The key is how to wedge myself in
and show off my presence.
And after this battle, it's Japan's U-20s.
Hoicchan.
Japan Football Union
Special Advisor
You do understand, don't you?
Yes.
U-20s Manager
Anything for the sake of Japanese soccer.
Crush them.
They must be crushed.
We can't have some crazy nobodies
taking over Japanese soccer!
Please do not worry.
They're nothing but idealists.
Japan's U-20s can't be anyone but us.
That's our "Hoichi the Earless,"
who never listens to anyone but the JFU.
I've become an easy target online
for that nickname, so please don't.
Well, you heard. I'm counting on you, captain.
Sure thing.
We'll take you on...
Blue Lock.
We'll win! And I'll prove that...
I will be the number one
striker in the world.
A
Blue Lock Additional Time.
Additional Time!
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
Blue Lock
Additional Time!
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
Blue Lock
Additional Time!
The Top 6's Rooms
Ego Jinpachi
Now, start preparing for the tryouts, Top 6.
Oh, huh.
So there are two triple rooms?
Yukimiya Kenyu
Karasu Tabito
We'll have to split into two groups.
How do you wanna do this?
Itoshi Rin
I'll take one room.
You five can have the other one.
What the hell?
No way. Not happening.
Nagi Seishiro
Then, let's do team rock and team paper.
We only need to split into two groups.
Nagi Seishiro
Yeah, no. That doesn't excite me.
Shidou Ryusei
Nagi Seishiro
How about the loser of rock,
paper, scissors sleeps outside?
Shidou Ryusei
I like that.
Otoya Eita
Shidou Ryusei
It's "survival ego-ego
rock, paper, scissors."
Huh? Sounds like a hassle.
Hell yeah! This is exciting!
Hey.
Ego-ego rock, paper, scissors.
Rock, paper...
Hey.
Scissors!
Yeah, super exciting.
Rock, paper, scissors.
Scissors!
How about we all point to the person
we really do not want to room with?
Then, we'll split in such a way
that we don't have to room with them.
Sure.
That works.
Okay. Let's do that.
Well, then. Ready, and...
So I get a room to myself.
Uh, no, scratch that.
Let's change that rule.
Then, I'll room with Rin-kun.
Nagi-kun, I'd like a strategy meeting
with you, so why don't you join us?
Huh? Guess that's fine.
Disputing it any further would be a hassle,
so nice rooming with you, Mr. Four-Eyes.
You, too, monster.
I'll room with whoever.
Yukimiya, Nagi, and Rin are rooming together!
Nice rooming with you, Spikehead.
Hey, speak for yourself.
Look, I'm a spikehead, too.
Otoya, Karasu, and Shidou are rooming together!